lair of the Phantom this is queen
atheria well you holy oh you're not
wasting any time are you monarch duh
look I have to make this quick okay
I only get two phone calls hold on
no I am in the prison prison you put me
in prison I am NOT going to wait for you
to get off your boyfriend's invisible
lap come on come on oh I got it hang it
up
look it oh they just scream that was
that what you say to phantom limb huh
when you have sex with Hannah this is
what I expect to know I knew that you
would be a rational adult don't know
what I'm going through
my girlfriend sent me to prison the
guild of calamitous intent is suspended
by arching license but two guards just
played keep-away with my crown oh oh and
after I get off the phone
cavity search there is a man here with
an arm the size of my leg who would be
searching my cavity I never meant for
this to happen the way it did
wait did you want it to happen what was
I supposed to go
Oh sweetie you should put me in prison
and move in with your weenus
ex-boyfriend I'm not living let's make
it easier for you what did you expect me
to do babysit your henchmen our hinge
alright fine
our henchmen for like what ten years her
life yes so I have to worry about my
career I can't be doctor girlfriend my
whole life you know
you just took me for granted who's gonna
clean up the blood off the giant saw
doctor girlfriend who's gonna make
dinner and lunch and snacks snacks
snacks monarch 483 henchmen doctor
girlfriend and not once not once did you
ever say did you ever say dr. mrs.
monarch well that's it that's all okay
fine let me just get down on my knees
here oh wait I can't I'm in late chains
I'm in prison
it's too late for that you had plenty of
chances for that mr. bigshot but no you
you were too busy with dr. venture well
well now you have nothing you see what
you did you just turn this all around
now it's my float it's my fault I need
room to grow it was always about you
what scientists you hated what kind of
flying lair you like are you lying about
that what else did you lie about huh as
long as you've got the honesty bug huh
what else well I like your old crown
better trick the crap out of my neck I
told you that you've said your length
away the new one framed my face you said
that and now it's all alive please don't
do this it's all so complicated my head
is a mess right now I don't want it to
end like this
Oh sweetie I am so sorry
wait the whole time sweetie I gotta go
write me we'll see